[Music]
hello
welcome back to another kitchen chat
with olivia in today's video i'm going
to be sharing some
healthy habits that have truly changed
my
life so i'm just going to get straight
into this one you might want to grab
yourself a cup of coffee or a cup of tea
for this one
and even a notepad i wrote some notes
for
this video and i'm not going to go into
any particular order i feel as i'm super
happy to be sharing this with you
because
these are things that i practice daily
and have really just changed the way
i feel about each day as it comes my
perspective on a whole
number one number one is going to be
meditation this is something i started
implementing
like a year or two ago one of my friends
was
telling me for years actually she was
like oh you really should try meditating
i feel like it really helped you and i
used to sort of i don't know i used to
think it was a bit
maybe airy fairy or like i just thought
you had to be maybe a monk
or like a super super spiritual person
to be into practicing meditation and i
just had a completely like
a view on it i guess when i started that
like i instantly
felt such a difference i really
struggled when i first started
meditating
switch off and i still have days where i
find it harder to do so but
it just helps really calm my mind and i
feel so much more focused and i mainly
do
10 minutes in the morning but i have
thought about recently like increasing
my meditation to maybe half an hour in
the morning or maybe doing it also
on an evening as well i do sometimes do
it before i go to sleep but yeah i've
always gone
on to youtube and one of my favorite
like meditation pages
is called great meditation and they're
the ones that i follow they post really
regularly on there so i'll leave that
linked
down below they're really great and i
love the ladies voice
yeah super calming voice and i think
it's good to find someone that you like
the sound of
and just have a good feel with but yeah
that has just helped me and saved me so
much throughout lockdown like
having that as part of my routine i like
to do it first thing in the morning
just after i've gotten up don't get me
wrong there's days where i don't feel
like doing it or i'll skip it
but i always notice such a big
difference from doing that so that is
the first
habit that has completely changed my
life and even if it's not something you
would consider like just give it a try
give it a try a few times and i promise
you you will feel
something from within it just helps keep
you so much more
grounded i feel like i can have more
focused days and my mind isn't just like
feeling like i'm gonna explode like i
feel like we all have so much on all the
time and it's so hard to focus
on like doing one thing at a time
throughout our days and you just feel
like you're jumping here there and
everywhere and whilst we're kind of like
on our morning routine the second one
i'm going to mention is not going on
my phone first thing this is something
i've got to keep myself
on check with like i need to sort of
like really make sure i keep this up
because there's days or like certain
weekend i'll just feel like laying in
bed scrolling or say something comes up
someone calls me or whatever
but this has helped me heaps and bounds
like first thing in the morning like not
to get repetitive because i think i did
mention this
in my morning routine but if you think
about it like when you first wake up
like
you need to check in with yourself like
put your plans in action for the day
you know write down what you're grateful
for before you even think about going on
social media and seeing
what anyone else is up to first thing so
doing that and just making like making
that a habit not picking up your phone
checking your notifications because i
started feeling like it was definitely
in the first lockdown in the uk oh my
god like
i kept kind of waking up with this
really strong anxiety like first thing
and i couldn't really pinpoint where it
was coming from
i just don't think it really helped me
like going on my phone first thing
checking seeing what's going on in the
world before i've even like thought
about what i'm
how i'm spending the rest of my day and
since like i've started doing that like
i definitely noticed like just my
anxiety in the morning i just feel
a lot more light if you know what i mean
so the other healthy habit that isn't on
like morning routines and
just with people in general is having
boundaries with whether that be friends
or
family i feel like especially with
family
like there's kind of like a not a
stereotype but like
it's almost like known isn't it that
family can get away
with a lot more like we seem to accept a
lot more
like maybe issues or grief or negativity
of a family member than we would if they
were a friend
and in my opinion i just don't think
that is okay like
family can be just as toxic as friends
so in that context that's where i've
learned just how
important having having boundaries
especially if that figure is someone who
is like often in your life and you maybe
see them
quite regularly that kind of thing i
just think having boundaries and
voicing your opinions not sort of like
pushing down thoughts
feelings just to please or keep the
peace kind of thing so when i was
younger
i was a complete opposite like i was
very outspoken
and well i always feel like even now i
feel like i say what i think but the
amount of times i just
wish when i was doing but i felt like i
needed to think a lot more before
i let something flow out of my mouth and
then as i as i learned
like the hard way obviously of like
speaking very openly and then sometimes
offending or
upsetting people but it wasn't my
intention ever i sort of went the
opposite way and went a bit
more reserved and careful what i said
and then yeah over the past few years
i've just found like a happy medium of
finding my voice again
and i feel like that is just from
practicing my boundaries and i feel so
much better doing that like with
friends and family if someone's bringing
negativity constantly into your life and
you like voice that with them and they
don't change like i just think the best
thing to do is just eliminate that from
your life because
we don't need that and it just brings
your whole vibration and aura down
if it's just if something's not sitting
right so i think setting boundaries
having your lines just saying look
this is as far as i'm willing to go or
as much as i'm going to take from this
point onwards and if they don't respect
that then
yeah that is their problem not
necessarily yours can be so challenging
sometimes especially when
people keep pushing at that boundary but
i think that's the point just to remove
yourself from that situation
the next one is splitting up
my day with like different walks and
listening to a podcast like whilst i'm
walking and doing things around the
house
so i found like whilst we've been
working from home more and obviously
things aren't as open
it can feel quite lonely even though
like obviously i know a phone call or a
zoom call
accessible on your phone i did feel like
throughout the day and stuff just when i
was like clean and stuff
i quite like to be engaging like and
just listening to different types of
conversation and as i'm sure we all like
we spent so much time in our homes and
stuff i think there's a there's a real
lack
of just connection and conversation
really like on a whole and especially
with stuff that like maybe you're
interested in
that are different or like say if you
don't feel like you have your usual
community or conversations that you'd
have in a workplace or whatever so
i found like over the past year and a
half i've
absolutely loved listening to podcasts
and there's just
podcasts like for absolutely everyone
and anything that you
like listening to you can definitely
find it on spotify they're normally free
summing platforms this and the others so
that is something i've absolutely loved
if you're working from home a lot
i definitely think it's so so helpful
and just like it's a lifesaver to be
honest
listening on your day with like getting
out of the house just
changing up your like senior and stuff
and taking different routes going longer
ways rather than
just sitting in the house all day long
and not really like getting out
just i feel like i'm not going so crazy
doing that so
i love getting out taking penalty with
me going for a few walks then just
popping my headphones in and listening
to a podcast and the same like if i'm
cleaning the house i will just always
have
something in the background that i like
listening to and i find that so
enjoyable so that is definitely another
habit that has really helped and
changed things for me on a daily and you
just learn
so much like even my my terminology you
know my terminology i feel like i've
it's helped that like say if you don't
really like reading as much
i think doing that opposed to just
sitting on your phone like ending up in
like an instagram hole or tick tock hole
it's just something where you can like
do
you know kill two two birds with one
stone and the next
one is i couldn't really no i didn't
really know how to like tie this one but
just focusing on being a better you than
yesterday
so this is something like relatively
recently that i've been thinking about
recently sometimes i'll get so caught up
in being productive
trying to be on the ball with everything
and then say if i have like just a few
bad days of not getting as much done as
i hoped to or set out to
and then thinking like constantly just
focusing on like long-term goals rather
than just
day-to-day so i think when it gets to
the end of each day i really like just
thinking right what have i
achieved today like just writing a few
notes like what have i achieved today
how
was i how is it better than yesterday
and that just
ends my learn such a better note and
makes it feel actually
like a weight a lot more enjoyable
rather than just constantly like
striving for the end goal when
actually it's what you do day to day
those like little habits
that make the biggest like long-term
difference another one
like these are so broad aren't they like
i feel like i could do so many of these
healthy habits if you would like a part
two of this do let me know because i
have so many but i just tried to narrow
it down okay so something else is
finding other ways of keeping your water
intake up so like i say if you're just
not the biggest fan of water i've
recently been absolutely loving
ginger tea so i should probably get a
strainer for it or something
i love like grating some ginger up and
having it with some honey and
hot water and i've been having that
every day for probably like the past
month and a half or something
and i find that it's so nice like
cleansing your system it's a really good
inflammatory
sauce and just so good for you so if
you're someone who does struggle with
drinking enough water
throughout the day and you end up
turning into like fizzy drinks all day
long
definitely look at other ways like
definitely try the ginger tea and honey
because that has been a massive hack for
me and i feel like it's helped
with my skin and just really makes me
feel like health
so the last one i want to mention is
just music really to like lift your
vibration
so two ways all my workouts like i
absolutely love
listening to mix cloud like i prefer
mixed tapes rather than mix tapes mix
mix cloud mixtapes to say listening to
spotify because i just like
get into the chorus of each like song or
whatever
and then i just feel so pumped up and i
really think that makes all the
difference like i tried training without
music a few weeks back and
just had such a half-hearted workout so
i love getting like fired up with
like a good like hip-hop or rap kind of
playlist
updated all the time mixed club and
they're free as well the other one is
like say
if you you've got a really big mammoth
task that needs doing and you've just
got like a lack of energy
i love afrobeat for like when i'm
feeling low energy and
just moving your body dancing in your
house and stuff really really hard
just like lift your vibe up and
instantly it just makes you feel
energized but i'll always say to mason
like
we just have like a dance around the
kitchen if we're both feeling a bit flat
and i just think that helps
so much anyway so i wanted to keep this
video relatively short i didn't want to
like go on an absolute tangent although
i really could on this let me know if
you would like to see another of
this style of video i would love to do
another one because i have even more and
i've had to
really like cut this short but yeah i
hope you enjoyed this if you haven't i
would love to stick around by
liking and subscribing and i'll see you
in
the next video
[Music]
uh